[dinging voice] Aniplex.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Why is Lancer helping them?
[Souichirou] Something wrong,
Caster?
There's no problem here,
is there?
Oh, no.
Nothing important,
that is.
Don't give it a second thought.
Nothing to worry about,
I assure you.
Is that so?
Master.
There's a question that I've
been wanting to ask you.
Well, what is it?
[Caster] It's something you said
in the chapel earlier.
"I will be unable
to fulfill my objective."
You see,
to the best of my knowledge,
you have no desires to speak of.
Desire to obtain,
desire to destroy,
desire to forgive.
All humans have these
to some degree or another,
but you have never spoken
of any of them.
You are without desires,
and yet you have an objective?
Maybe I do.
[Souichirou] In my youth,
I was treated
as less than human.
I had no reason
to doubt that I was.
This belief eventually led me
to take a life.
The life of someone
with whom I had no quarrel.
I stood to gain nothing
from his death.
It didn't affect me whatsoever.
I killed at the behest
of another
like a machine designed
for the purpose.
It was then that I abandoned
all hope of living as a human.
But I don't blame my actions
on my upbringing.
The choice was mine alone.
As you mentioned before,
I have no desires for myself.
Only I am responsible
for the life I choose to live.
However...
There is one thing that
I feel compelled
to return to its rightful place.
After all this time,
it's odd to have
a goal beyond survival.
It's a self‐centered desire
that benefits no one but myself.
That's what a desire is,
I suppose.
[Aimer's "Brave Shine"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Aimer singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Brave shine ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Stay the night ♪♪
♪♪ You save my life ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Your brave shine ♪♪
[Rin] We need to defeat Caster
before Lancer
and Archer are done
with their fight.
[Shirou] I know,
but I feel weird
about leaving Caster to you.
You sure?
Yes,
but no matter how badly
she's beating me,
I want you to stay out of it.
[Rin] You just focus on keeping
Mr. Kuzuki
as far away as possible.
Understood.
[Rin] Now that Berserker
I out of the picture,
I expect that
our biggest problem
is going to be Goldie.
But still,
we can beat him as long
as we take Archer
and Saber back from Caster.
If we do,
the Holy Grail War
will be over.
[both gasping]
She looks as eager
to finish this as we are.
You do realize I spared
your life, little girl?
Have you come here only
to throw it away again?
What a pity.
I came to take something back,
not throw it away.
Beating you in the process
will just be icing on the cake.
There she is.
[Caster] My compliments
on taming Lancer.
Although you
are still outnumbered
If simple arrhythmic
escapes you,
you may be as short‐sighted
as a child.
[scoffs]
You know,
I've been wondering.
What's the deal
with that ridiculous outfit?
You know, purple robes
are way out of fashion.
It makes you look like some kind
of bumpkin.
[Rin] And is this really
your idea of a magic workshop?
It's so beyond retro,
it's almost funny.
Oh, dear.
Are all mages
of this era fool‐hearty,
or are you the exception?
[Caster] Regardless,
I see why Archer deserted you.
Kuzuki can see what we're doing.
He knows we're gonna try
to divide and conquer,
and he knows
you're planning something.
But he's not interfering.
He's letting Caster call
the shots.
Well, what do you say
we get started?
Let's see if the third time
really is the charm.
I'm getting tired of looking
at your ugly face,
so I'll finish you off
for good this time.
[Caster] How arrogant.
You don't honestly think
you can beat me,
do you,
little girl?
Oh, your parlor tricks
shouldn't be a problem.
Not for me,
at least.
You're a third‐rate hack
on your best day.
You don't stand a chance against
a first‐rate mage like me.
My, what insolence.
I can see that you're in need
of some serious discipline.
Trace on.
[Shirou] He knows exactly
what we're planning to do.
I won't be able
to stall for long.
He's a close‐combat master
who had Saber on the ropes.
Martial arts and magic.
There's no way we can win
when we're outclassed in both.
This fight will test how long
we can stand our ground
against superior opponents.
I just hope we can hold off
long enough
for Tohsaka to put her plan
in motion.
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[shouts]
[Archer grunts]
[both grunting]
I'm nothin' like I was
the other night, am I?
Sorry I had to go easy
on ya that time.
My stupid master put
a command seal on me.
I was ordered to return safely
without knowing
the pleasure of killing you.
[exhales sharply]
[Lancer] No such order
this time, though.
So I won't hold back.
[grunts]
Prepare to die.
[both grunting]
[groaning]
[grunts]
[banging]
[Lancer] I don't get it.
It doesn't take a genius
to see your skill,
so why side with Caster?
If you had stayed
with the little lady,
ya know you might have actually
been able to take her on.
You're still going on
about that?
Not quite the lecture
I was expecting.
I chose the path
with the greater chance
of success,
however slight.
[Lancer] That's why?
Now I feel stupid
for even asking.
No argument here.
[Lancer] However,
that's not the path
you should have chosen.
[grunts]
You lack pride in your sword
and that could prove fatal
as a knight.
Indeed.
It's true that I'm not
a prideful man.
But what does that matter?
Does it lessen the honor
of heroes?
[scoffs]
I admit you're amusing, Lancer,
but success
washes away dishonor.
Keep your useless pride
to yourself.
Or you can feed it to the dogs,
for all I care.
The only dog I see here is you.
[Archer] It's true,
Cú Chulainn
You would be wise to cast off
your hero's pride
while you still can.
That may be so.
You go first
and I'll follow suit.
You've heard of my spear's
special ability, haven't you?
Of course.
A cheap trick to reverse cause
and effect.
It's formidable,
but unless you can hit me
with it,
it's nothing but a sharp point.
You're right,
but even so,
there's more than one way
to wield a spear, Archer.
[scoffs]
[Lancer] Now accept this blow
as a gift
to commemorate
your impending death.
[shouts]
[Archer] I know it well.
Gáe Bolg: the spear whose curse
brings certain death.
When thrown,
it is an anti‐army
Noble Phantasm.
[buzzing]
It aims for the heart,
never missing its target,
which means that facing it
head on is the only option.
[grunts]
Gáe Bolg!
[booming]
[Archer] I am the bone
of my sword.
Rho Aias!
[lasers blasting repeatedly]
Son of a...
[glass shatters]
[grunts]
[Archer] Aias deflected
the blows
of the hero
of the Trojan War,
but even it
can't withstand this!
[groans]
[shouts]
[booming]
That was unexpected.
To think there's a spear
that can penetrate the Aias.
Impressive.
It's even stronger than
the original Gungnir.
Who the hell are you, anyway?
Just a simple bowman.
[Lancer] I doubt that.
Would a bowman carry a shield
that can take on
a Noble Phantasm?
Yes, depending on the situation,
but still,
it didn't work perfectly,
even though I used up almost all
my mana.
I lost use of an arm
and my Aias
was completely destroyed.
Sad to say,
that was the most
powerful defense
that I had in my arsenal.
[Archer] More importantly,
have you noticed?
Caster must really have
her hands full.
She's no longer watching us.
Huh?
‐ [Archer groans]
‐ Oh, is that so?
I had a feeling that's
what you were up to.
Well played.
Was that your intent all along?
Yes, of course.
Thought I told you.
I chose the path
with greater chance of success.
[scoffs]
I truly hate your arrogant guts,
you know.
But my job is done.
[Archer exhales]
[laser booms]
[grunts]
Sieben!
[blows landing]
[Shirou grunting]
[exhales sharply]
That tremor.
What was it?
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
I see what he's doing.
He's going after my swords.
And I don't think
rush projections
and hastily‐made swords
are going to get me very far.
I've got two more in me, tops.
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
All I have to do
is keep Kuzuki occupied.
That's exactly
what I'm gonna do
no matter what it takes!
[glass shattering]
Huh?
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
Acht!
[Caster giggles]
Now, that was a valiant effort.
I never expected such a trick
from a little girl.
[grunts]
Sieben!
Well done.
You really are quite impressive,
and so very cute.
If you're only
protecting yourself,
you needn't use up
the entire stone.
[Rin] She's right.
I'm being much more wasteful
than usual.
Caster's spells cover too broad
of an area.
She's probably
protecting Kuzuki.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Rin] If I don't figure out
a way to stop her,
Shirou will be burned
to death.
Ah, still trying
to protect the boy?
I applaud your conviction
but how long can you last?
You can't defeat me if all
you can do is defend,
little girl.
[Rin] Only six gems left.
[gasps]
[speaking German]
[grunts]
[glass shattering]
[gasps]
[blow lands]
[groans]
[Caster] Oh, finished already?
But surely you have
a few more gems, yes?
I recommend that you keep trying
until you run out.
[Rin] Those were
the best chances I had.
If they didn't work...
It wouldn't matter
if I combined 100 gems.
It still wouldn't be enough.
I see.
You finally understand,
don't you?
Try as you might,
you will never be
a match for me.
It was quite entertaining,
though.
It's been some time
since I last fought
a magic duel.
Thank you.
I consider this time
with you worthwhile
if just for that.
[Caster] What?
Does the truth frustrate you?
You should be proud, though.
Few can say they forced me
to fight in a magic duel.
And now it's only a matter
of time before my master puts
an end to that boy.
I suppose you and I should wrap
this up before then,
don't you think?
[scoffs]
[speaking in German]
[whirring]
[gasps]
[grunting]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [groans]
[gags]
Huh?
[Caster] You're a mage,
yet you deign to use your fists?
Yeah, sorry about that,
but the art of self defense
is required training
for mages these days!
[screams]
[both grunting]
[groaning]
[blow lands]
[shouts]
[groans]
[Rin grunts]
‐ [Souichirou] That's enough.
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
[blow lands]
No way.
[Shirou] Tohasaka!
[groans]
[Souichirou] It's a testament
to your inexperience
that even after four charges
you still failed to kill her.
[shuddering]
I'm in your debt, master.
Had you not intervened,
I surely would
have been defeated.
Don't flatter me.
You have to wake Saber quickly.
[Souichirou]
We shouldn't underestimate
these opponents again.
Indeed.
Very wise decision, master.
‐ I agree.
‐ [Souichirou] Right.
‐ Huh?
‐ But it would have been nice
if you'd realized it
a few seconds earlier.
Now trace...
On!
[gasps]
Souichirou!
[rumbling]
[gasps]
[gasping]
[shudders]
Are you hurt, master?
[Souichirou] No.
I'm so relieved.
I don't know what I would do...
If you died.
[Caster] It's a shame, though.
Just when I had finally found
my wish.
[Souichirou] Do not grieve.
I will fulfill your wish
in your absence.
I promise.
[Caster] If only that
were possible.
After all,
the wish that I speak of...
Has been granted.
This moment
is what I wished for.
Archer, I...
I had always suspected,
but is it true?
[Shirou] Trace on.
That's what he said.
No question.
He used the exact same words
that I do.
I see we had a traitor among us.
This was your plan all along,
wasn't it, Archer?
[Archer] That's right.
My own personal take on
the legend of the Trojan Horse.
It seemed appropriate
for the demise
of a Grecian heroine.
[Souichirou] I see.
Caster made
a critical error allowing
a man like you into her ranks.
I won't stand in your way
if you choose to continue.
[Shirou] Wait!
What are you doing?
You don't have to go!
Caster's gone, isn't she?
There's no reason
to fight anymore!
[Souichirou] It's true.
I don't have a reason
to fight.
I never had any interest
in the Holy Grail.
You and I are alike in that way.
Then why?
[Souichirou] Because I have
to finish what I started.
I joined this fight
without concern
for good or evil,
but I can't walk away until
I've seen it through.
[blow lands]
[squelching]
[rumbling]
[grunts]
Saber!
[Saber wincing]
Shirou.
[gasps]
[clanging]
Damn.
Not even close.
Archer, what are you doing?
Drop the macho act, okay?
Caster's already been beaten
and I've had it
with all your nonsense!
I see you have,
but fortunately I don't need
your permission.
You are not my master,
after all.
[gasps]
[screams]
Consider our
contract terminated.
It can't be!
Why are you doing this?
Archer,
you still wanna kill Shirou,
don't you?
‐ [Archer] Of course.
‐ [grunting]
[Archer] I'll kill Shirou Emiya
with my bare hands.
After I was reduced
to a lowly guardian,
this became my only wish.
[Kalafina's "Ring Your Bell"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Kalafina singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Ring your bell ♪♪